new resource "azurerm_iot_security_device_group" (#10353)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/device_security_group.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Security Center"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_device_security_group"
description: |-
  Manages a Device Security Group.
---

> # azurerm_device_security_group

Reviewer: given this works with iot security solutions this makes more sense as:
```suggestion
# azurerm_iot_security_device_group
```

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  sku {
    name     = "S1"
    capacity = "1"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_iot_security_solution" "example" {
  name                = "example-Iot-Security-Solution"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  display_name        = "Iot Security Solution"
  iothub_ids          = [azurerm_iothub.example.id]
}

resource "azurerm_device_security_group" "example" {
  name               = "example-device-security-group"
  target_resource_id = azurerm_iothub.example.id

  allow_list_rule {
    type   = "LocalUserNotAllowed"
    values = ["user0"]
  }

  time_window_rule {
    type             = "ActiveConnectionsNotInAllowedRange"
    min_threshold    = 0
    max_threshold    = 30
    time_window_size = "PT5M"
  }

  depends_on = [azurerm_iot_security_solution.example]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Device Security Group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `target_resource_id` - (Required) The ID of the Azure Resource which to create the Device Security Group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: what sort of target resources are valid here? only iot hubs? in which case
```suggestion
* `target_iot_hub_id` - (Required) The ID of the IoT Hub which to link the Device Security Group to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
 (also grammer)

* `allow_list_rule` - (Optional) One or more `allow_list_rule` blocks as defined below.

* `time_window_rule` - (Optional) One or more `time_window_rule` blocks as defined below.

---

An `allow_list_rule` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) The type of supported rule type. Possible Values are `ConnectionToIpNotAllowed`, `LocalUserNotAllowed` and `LocalUserNotAllowed`.

> * `values` - (Required) The values to allow.

Reviewer: looking at this now would it make sense to add different allow rule type blocks? block_ip_rule? allow_local_user_rule? 

also duplicate value above

Author: have made each type a different schema

---

An `time_window_rule` block supports the following:

> * `type` - (Required) The type of supported rule type. Possible Values are `ActiveConnectionsNotInAllowedRange`, `AmqpC2DMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `MqttC2DMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `HttpC2DMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `AmqpC2DRejectedMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `MqttC2DRejectedMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `HttpC2DRejectedMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `AmqpD2CMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `MqttD2CMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `HttpD2CMessagesNotInAllowedRange`, `DirectMethodInvokesNotInAllowedRange`, `FailedLocalLoginsNotInAllowedRange`, `FileUploadsNotInAllowedRange`, `QueuePurgesNotInAllowedRange`, `TwinUpdatesNotInAllowedRange` and `UnauthorizedOperationsNotInAllowedRange`.

Reviewer: given this is a "time window rule" what does ActiveConnectionsNotInAllowedRange? or is this really a "range" or "window" rule rahter then anything to do with time?

Author: this means:
Get an alert when the number of active connections of a device in the time window is not in the allowed range

Reviewer: So why is this a "time" window rule, when it has nothing to do with time? i think range_rule makes more sense?
